Oh okay, this is apparently working. Hi, I'm just
trying this out because I saw Matt and Marisha do
it and it was pretty amusing so I thought I would
try this out because why not? Hi, hey, everybody.
I also cleaned my room, so I finally decided it
would be reasonable to see how that worked.
(laughs) Oh wow, yes, it is Thursday. And I have
just a tiny bit of time to kill before I have to
leave the house to go deal with reality. So I did
say I would give a small tour, now that everything
is clean. So yeah. Here, let me show you around.
This is actually my room. I live with roommates so
this is where I spend most of my time. Here's some
of the Critical Role art on the wall, terrifying
things. TARDIS closet because why not? Yeah, every
room I've lived in for the past couple years has
been purple. It is a thing. My teeny tiny little
desk is currently ridiculous. My plan for the day
is to-- I've got to pick up a friend from a VO
meeting and then go say hi to a few people. Here
is the ridiculous collection of dead things which
goes on forever? That's the project that I'm
working on. I shouldn't show that but. I don't
know, purple just became a thing, it's fun. Here's
the booklet. This is the really fancy book
collection. Don't know if I can say where I'm
going today, I tend to try not to say such things.
There's several different skulls, oh yeah, there's
this stuff too-- It's just one of my freeze-dried mice,
little bits and pieces of things. This is kind of
cool. This is a Bioshock fish tank which is
currently on loan from our friend Courtney King,
who is currently away at college. Our little
bubbly bubbly friend. I do put the mohawk up on
occasion. It has been quite a while since I've
done-- Just because it's a pain in the ass. I'm
actually going to be messing up my hair quite a
bit soon. There's going to be new hair probably
after Whitestone. Which will be kind of
ridiculous. We'll see. It's-- I really don't think
about it as often as I should. Yeah, thank you,
that tank was actually built for a friend of ours
by Fan Builds. It's the same people who do who do
the sword builds online: Man-at-Arms. You can
check out the whole process that they went through
to build it. There is a video on YouTube. Thank
you for being a fan, it's fabulous, and yeah,
thank you, the purple refuses to die; it's quite
nice, but man there's going to be some really
ridiculous hair soon. (laugh) I don't know if any
of my friends would appreciate me getting a gun
tattooed on my scalp, but yes, I can't. I'm
definitely not going to talk about-- I have no idea
what tonight's going to be like but it's
definitely going-- I'm nervous as all hell so that's
always fun. Yeah, the hair will be ridiculous. Do
we watch any other D&D streams? Every now and then
I'll pop into a few of them. I tend to try and
keep quiet. I watch other streams on Geek and
Sundry; Mines and Crafts I'm kind of amused by-- I
find it really nice to clean to. I am very excited
about the conclusion of everything and I'm really
hoping I don't die, but just in case I do, I have
who plans for something else to do. I really am
trying not to bet on it. Singapore! Oh my god. And
as for building I've got a long list of stuff I
want to build that-- I've had a long list of stuff
I wanted to build for years, so I'm just slowly
making my way through it. Mike McFarland is
amazing to work with, he's super super cool. He's
actually let me crash in his house for a while
when I was living in Texas, and he's crashed in
mine. He is fun to party with, he's fun to work
with, he likes actors. You'd be amazed how many
people don't like to work with actors who work
with actors professionally. Hey! Hi dear. (laughs)
That's awesome. Yeah, I gave a little-- I should
probably give a little bit more of an art tour. I
suppose actually-- Kit, since you're here, I should
show you something. So yeah, that's what your
stuff looks like framed on the wall. So that
happened. Right kitty corner about the back right
there. I've got some Community prints that I got a
while back. You could focus-- Some ridiculous
stuff-- vintage-y creepy photos that everyone has to
do. We're hoping Ashley comes back. There's a
little crocheted TARDIS because those are
adorable. Yes, and Mary Blair because Mary Blair
is awesome. My copy of Kamondi the Last Boy on
Earth. My little ridiculous goth kid collection of
dead things. I couldn't be happier with how
Percy's story has been coming out. It's really the
best I could have possibly hoped for. It's
everything I want and more. Oh yeah, I should show
you one of my cousin's photos. That's right, I'm
amazed that you remember that. Here's my dead
cousin on the wall, bless her heart, having
fallen down the stairs (laughs) Yeah, I have a
feeling that the sisters is going to go really
badly. Oh God we have so much. I try-- Almost all
the art in my house is my friends of mine with
some exceptions. So it's one of the reasons why we
have lots of really nice art is that we get friend
discounts. There's another couple wonderful friend
discount pieces. If you have friends who are
artists it's a really good way to get your house
filled with nice stuff. This is another friend,
Laura Peters, who did the four of these. Oh yeah,
no. Actually, there might be mild nudity in the
background and I do apologize. This is kind of a
fun piece as well. But yeah, we collect. A lot of
the art, a lot of the art models, and all of these
paintings are actually friends as well. It's kind
of-- My roommates and I have known each other for
a very long time, and we know the community around
here. Yay mild nudity. Adventurers' League game,
no. I don't know what the D&D Adventurers' League
game is. But yeah, the stained glass spiderwebs
I've had since I was a teenager. Hi from Germany.
Again, all these places I've never been. I have
two roommates at the moment, and I have two cats
and we have chickens. Yes, I like Tuck's gift
although I haven't finished reading it yet.
There's a lot there. No, although we do have voice
actors come crash on our couch every now and then.
The cats are currently in trouble because they
discovered one of the roommate's yarn collections.
That did not go well. Wow, yeah, actually, I'll go
annoy the chickens, that's pretty adorable. It's
going to get very bright very quickly and I
apologize for that and currently I don't-- I don't
know if you guys know, but California is
currently-- Drought's the word. The garden is
currently dead and being replanted. We have a
little studio in the back. They think they're
getting fed, they're so excited. You guys are not
getting fed. No, I'm just going to sit here and
stare at you. They are dumb as sticks, but they
definitely give us eggs and occasionally soup.
They're cute. Hi guys. And yes, they are very
loud. Studio-- I'll show the studio at another
time. It's currently locked up at the moment but
that would be-- Do that some other time? Hi from
Canada. Also, god I do actually travel, I swear,
but these are all places I haven't been. I just
got back from Alaska, which was amazing, in San
Francisco to see my brother. Other than that?
Chicago I've been to, thank god, I love Chicago
and Portland. I love Portland, I actually have a
lot of friends in Portland. Hopefully we'll be
going back soon. I am working on it. Have I been
to Compton? Actually yes, I have friends in
Compton. We hang out on occasion. It's been a
while, but you know. I don't know if I'm coming to
A-Kon, and in fact if you would like any of the
Critical Role people at your conventions, just bug
your conventions about it, and we'll try, although
we can only travel so much during the year before
we all fall down and lapse into comas. How do I
roll so many D20s? I don't know and it could end
at any moment. I don't know if you saw me on Group
Hug, but those were not my dice, and I still
rolled really really well. I think for every Wil
Wheaton in the world there's an anti-Wheaton, and
maybe I've just gotten lucky. But yeah, well, I
sacrificed chickens for good soup at the very
least so. But that is-- we'll see, perhaps tonight
will be the night where I roll terribly and
everybody dies. (laughs) But yeah, we're hoping to
come to the UK soon, that would be really cool.
And we'll see how the Briarwoods and I'm really--
I'm genuinely very very nervous. Thursdays are
always nerve-wracking until we get to the studio.
And then it all kind of chills out once we're
actually playing. It does not say "Silas loves
you," it just says some other things. What are
we-- oh? Nothing fun yet. Oh, my chalkboard
changes every month or so depending on what I'm
working on. I had a big glass closet mirror at my
last place I lived and I would cover it in notes.
But that was a while ago. The chickens are
definitely sacrificial. Man, there's nothing that
reinforces the theory of being a carnivore like
owning chickens. They are walking meat. It is
just-- (laughs) Is Percy going to turn evil? God, I
hope not. Critmas is already a technical
nightmare. I don't know if we could possibly put
more effort into that than the show some nights.
There has not been one that has gone smoothly. We
don't know if Ashley's going to be there. We're
trying really hard because it would make life so
much easier if she could be there tonight. But
it's still up in the air; she is sadly at the
mercy of larger forces. Oh, thank you. I surround
myself with badass and adorable people and they
just rub off. We've actually done a couple LA
Critter meetups, when Kit was in town. Possibly at
some point-- that's actually not a bad idea.
There're a couple coffee shops, and I'll tell you
what-- if I get work done. I know this is a
terrible way to do things, but I go to coffee
shops to work and if I have one of those days
where I get work done really quickly, I'll just
tweet out where I am. I really like Moby's-- was
where we had the last one. I do spend a lot of
time at Moby's Coffee Shop. The Bourgeois Pig also
is really nice. One question: Lilith or Zahra? But
that's not fair. I refuse to answer that,
especially with one of them listening. Crit Role
flashmob. That would be great. The comic, yeah, I
suppose I should describe-- put out some words
about the comic really quickly, that would
be helpful. Geek and Sundry basically said
that they wanted to do a Critical Role comic and
we were-- Marisha and I write stuff together
anyways. This is what we do for-- I'd say fun, but
what we do to make money. We're like, Great.
That's a great idea. We've already got some
thoughts and I'm like, but we want to do four
panels a week. So we want to do a comic strip for
four panels a week. We're like okay. We can do
that, too. So it's going to be-- There's only so
much story you can tell in four panels, so our
first run of six or seven is very light-hearted.
It's very simple-- well, we're kind of going very
Calvin and Hobbes-ish with the whole vibe of it
keeping it very sweet and very cute. It does tell
a story that will be-- I'm going to do at least
little liner note blurbs for all of them or
Marisha will do a few explaining what we're doing
and why. But please, if you do post it online,
link to the actual page because we did write
something for that and also the more views it
gets, the more likely they'll be to say Let's do a
full comic book now. Or maybe something else cool.
So, please. The full story is basically, okay, I
suppose I'm going to write this down at some
point, but I'll do it now. I'll at least explain
some of it now. Our first Winter's Crest festival
game was basically divided into two parts and the
first half of the night was very much fun and
ridiculous and basically all of us running around
a festival. And then the second half of the game
is where the festival all broke down into giant
chaos and we had to fight stuff and things got
crazy. So the comic strip is basically a lot of
the little vignettes of things that happened at
the festival. Which we then filled in and I'll get
to this later, but we then filled in with some
stories of our group trip to the Renaissance Faire
which was very much in line with the Winter's
Crest festival. And we may even be showing some
pictures of the group trip to the Renaissance
Faire and how that all turned out. This is
ridiculous. There's no part of my room that isn't
a purple background. Yeah, so everything was
pretty much pre-Critical Role, and we did do a
group trip to Renaissance Faire which was pretty
ridiculous? I think a few photos of that are
online, and so the comic strip will all be social
encounters. There will be no battle in the comic
strip. But it will also lead into something else
that we're working on that I can't talk about yet,
but there's a few really cool things. I love the
Texas Renaissance Faire. I've been there several
times. So, there'll be some stuff connecting into
that but I can't-- I would get killed, I will get
start getting text messages from everybody else
telling me to shush. And yeah, how am I doing on
time before I have to-- no I've got a few more
minutes. Whose backstory do I really-- I'm hoping
we hold off on Grog until Pike gets back because
they're kind of interwoven. Honestly I really want
to get into Scanlan, and I really liked our one
dip into Keyleth, and I know out of game some of
the stuff that's going on with Keyleth, so I'm
kind of down with that. I mean, I'd love to see
the twins too, but again, like of what I know,
there's like weird stuff with Scanlan we haven't
gotten into and there's weird stuff with Keyleth
that we haven't gotten into. Has Matt ever let
anything slip before a game that helped you guys
out? No. The most he said was five months ago when
he asked me for my updated backstory document. And
his only comment was you should really get that
shit together soon, would be nice. And, but again,
it's been three years. Yeah fear of orcs. There's
just something there I really want to get into,
and maybe will again. We never know where we're
going to go with any of this and Matt's always got
everything worked out. Oh, thank you. Have fun at
work, or you know, have a productive day of work,
and hopefully there'll be an episode for you
tonight. Nothing will go terribly wrong. The
vampire bit was entirely his idea. I didn't tell
Matt when it came to Percy's backstory-- I didn't
tell Matt anything that Percy didn't know. I just
described the events as best as Percy could
describe them. So he didn't know anything about
who the Briarwoods were, he didn't know whether or
not his sister was dead or alive. He-- it was just
his experience. And I did not multi-class into
warlock. I know everyone keeps thinking that I
did, but that is not what happened. It's the comic
strip going to be in iambic pentameter? The comic
strip is going to have almost no dialogue, so yes?
We'll go with yes. Yeah, well the pics in Percy's
video were all chosen by Matt, and we're again--
hmm can't talk. Where do I want the art to go?
Yeah Wendy's killing it. I don't think about where
I want the art to go. I'm invested in the game, so
I don't-- I know that there's a lot of
speculation. As a group we don't really speculate,
if that makes sense? We're not really-- we mostly
just sit around and giggle. Oh hey, Kyle, I didn't
see you there. What's up, man? A lot of friends
watching this, this is very odd. But yeah, we
don't really speculate as a group. Matt and I had
a lot of talks about the level up and I was
staring at Luck for a little while because it
would have been so useful, but it seemed kind of
cowardly to take for a character like mine, whose
disadvantages are all based on the ability for
everything he has to go wrong? And the magic
initiate just made sense. That maybe Is kind of a
good character moment to start taking advantage of
his ability to having-- like that bonus d6 came
out of nowhere, and we just sort of turned it into
a thing. What's the most ridiculous thing that
party Percy has done? Sam Riegel is the best at
ridiculous. He really is good at coming up-- His
very first usage of Burt Reynolds was amazing. But
It's definitely-- Percy's most ridiculous, I'm not
entirely sure there was there was some there were
some good pre-stream stuff that was-- I felt bad
because the stream came in and like when we
started this, we were in a story arc that Percy
had very little-- Percy was just uncomfortable and
tired and cold and really not enjoying himself and
then also the stream took a little while to get
used to. it was a little odd. Burt Reynolds came
from Sam's depraved imagination. And I'll say with
the magic initiate thing, it was perfect also
because Percy's never really going to delve into
magic because it's just not his jam. And so, it's
perfect to give him just the touch of it, but now
I can kind of move on and again, there's a couple
cantrips that help me and they're really
wonderfully character appropriate, and they'll
come out soon. He probably does; he was very proud
and excited to play Starscream. Care to share any
of Percy's next tinkerings? I'll share one of
them, which is I need a better and easier way to
make bullets. Not bullets technically, but musket
balls. So that's going to be a big thing and then
getting the Diplomacy glove to function a little
more easily as required. Silencer actually
weirdly-- the problem with the silencer is to use
the technology and the time to build a silencer
means it's one use which is a lot of effort for
one shot, and it's just not useful. I've explained
who the last barrel's for. This story arc is the
darkest moment other than other than Pike nearly
dying. This is pretty much the darkest moment
we've ever had. I think this is going to be the
last episode. Again. I can't guarantee it, but it
really feels like that. Yeah, I've been I've been
showing-- part of the deal with the inventions
that Percy makes is I really have to make a case
to Matt that I could build it back then (laughs)
So yeah, I've got lots and lots of pictures right
now sharing about the glove works and going no
really this will work, I've got a plan. The Sun
Tree is interesting as the Sun Tree was entirely
invented by Matt. I don't know what the first
official how do you want to do this was. I think
it's just something he said from the get-go. He
might have even been saying in our previous game
that we played. I promise you that whatever
happens with Percy it will be somebody else who
kills him. Yeah, I actually like-- the interesting
thing is I do actually know how a shot was made. I
used to work in the educational group that did the
Renaissance Faire teaching military history to
kids, a history of weaponry and development so I
actually have a design for basically a thing that
would actually make them at a much higher rate.
One of the first--it was actually a just pre-Civil
War system for making ammo at high speeds, but I
have to just run it by him. And I actually have to
make it and the rolls are always really tricky.
Yeah, that kit is awesome, I'm highly entertained
and I'm going to use it for things at some point
in the near future. No, the fun names actually
usually come in the moment. I don't really plan--
I don't plan anything. I really don't. There are no
stupid questions. Just stupid people. No, Mercer
is an evil twisted bastard. Yeah, every good man
has a bad man inside and making it all possible.
What's the one thing you hope will happen to Percy
in the future? I would like the weight of this
hanging over him to get shifted. I would like--
Thanks Kyle-- I would like I would like to try
playing the character without him-- having a new
attitude towards himself, and I'm kind of curious
to see if that works out. And Percy is a nobleman.
They don't marry for anything other than property,
so marriage is about property. Fun is fun. Letting
this go. How many plague masks have I gotten? None
actually, although I have a friend who's probably
going to build me an official one at some point
based off of our very serious designs. I can show
this really quick. We all miss Hannibal. This is
the raving hat collection. That goes on forever,
and you can see a couple of the masks, and then we
actually have some of our masks. We have a bit of
a mask collection on the wall, a few of the masks
are hiding in here and we have more-- we actually
have hat boxes filled with stuff. Oh the hats.
There's my Mad Hatter hat so that's a thing. Oh
God more hats. No. We have too much stuff. I'm not
going to feel guilty. We're going to be angry at
Matt if the party TPKs really. Does the de Rolo
coat of arms have a family motto? Yes, it does
although I haven't had it translated into Latin
yet, which is why I haven't put it out there. But
the English translation is "The fool sees not the
tree the wise man sees." I've been trying to get
that translated into Latin. Yeah, no, I
like the big battles because what's a game without
risk? And the game's not entertaining without
really poor decisions and bad ideas. Poor
decisions and bad ideas are what make a great
game. "The fool sees not the tree the wise man
"sees." So I love it when everything goes wrong.
It's so much more fun when everything goes wrong.
And I'm excited to see everything go wrong
tonight. I want it to be horrible, I want it to be
terrifying. The triceratops was genius, Grog
running in screaming bloody murder was genius. I
mean that just turned into a giant cluster of
stupid that was just fun to watch. Keyleth
breaking off and running into the-- And we knew
she was going to do it-- Keyleth breaking off and
running into the skeletons was great because then
it means that led to the phenomenal return of--
you couldn't have had Pike pull that off. The Pike
moment was built by just the sorts of character
decisions that lead to a good game. Is that a
Frank Lloyd Wright conversation? I am actually not
named after the Frank Lloyd Wright house, I'm
named after a Welsh bard, but his house is named
after the same person I am. Love me some Keyleth
Jenkins. I actually I will say that-- Keyleth is
one of my favorite characters in the game. Just
because she leads to some-- Too many people play--
I like that some people play smart. I try and play
smart just because I was brought into the game as
kind of a ringer originally. The idea being like,
we have all these new people and then we need
somebody who's played the game, who can kind of
just be there to make sure nothing horrible happens.
And so part of Percy's original intent was to sort
of be a safety net and to let everybody figure out
what the game was for and not getting away, which
was also why he's kind of meek. His design was to
sort of sit there, and just be a cannon for those
moments where everything goes wrong. Yes, the
Tiger Lilies are amazing! I love them. I've seen
them live a couple times. But now that's kind of
not an issue anymore. And now it's just like-- I
love it that there's people who play it safe. And
I'm trying to play it less safe, but like Scanlan
and Keyleth know how to-- and Grog really know how
to not play it safe I don't think we can handle
one more person not playing it safe, but
you really need players who
are willing to jump into the fray. CHVRCHES
is amazing. I haven't seen them play live yet, but
I really like CHVRCHES. Vax definitely
overestimates himself which is great and Vex can
be bought, which is great. I love that we have a
character that can be bought, we have a character
that overestimates themselves, we have a character
who is way too interested in violence, we have a
character who's way too ADD and then we have a
character who's morally obligated to be Superman
and it's great. Really Kyle? I'll double-check
that but I have a friend with a-- my poor friend
with a Latin degree, and I have to make sure that
she feels useful on occasion. Percy doesn't have
tension with anybody in the party. Percy I would
imagine is probably closest to Keyleth. It's just
because he's kind of snobby and she's titled and
no matter how nice and kind he is he definitely
had a lifetime of understanding the difference
between having a title and not having a title. I
thought about "Gun" for CHVRCHES, and I just
didn't-- at some point in the near future,
maybe even a day if I'm feeling fancy, I'm going
to take my personal Percy playlist-- my personal
Percy playlist. That's a lot of alliteration and
augment it on my on my Spotify playlist and add
some of the songs that I cut, and a few more that
I thought about putting on but like didn't quite
hit. I know I call it pulling the Gendo Ikari.
That's how I think-- any time I'm doing that I'm
looking at the board thinking really hard, and I'm
trying to get out of the-- There are so many
things we didn't have to think about before we
were streaming that now we have to think about?
It's the Gendo and I'm trying really hard to stop
doing that but it's-- God. It's such a nice way to
think. So much forehead! But yes I am aware and
It's one of those things that I try and do less
and one of the ways I do that is I try and have a
coffee mug in front of me at all times because it
gives me something to do with my hands. I love
Gendo, he's such a mess. I'm a mess. Believe me. I'm a
mess. I'm sure at some point we'll do one of these
where we talk about-- No one ends up doing stuff
like this for a living without having some serious
personal issues. I don't remember. I'm pretty sure
we're taking next week off. So, I would guess.
Thank you. That show I never got to see but I'm
a big fan of the soundtrack of it, the Tom Waits.
Tom Waits also has like seven albums that are
playing non-stop. But any last questions before I
kill the stream? Whoa. Oh my god. Back to-- What
did I think of Sam losing to Liam in the great who
looks better-- actually I voted for Liam. I may
have inspired that. (laughs) They were arguing about it on
our-- there was a little cute back and forth on
our text stream, and I said take a Twitter poll
and Sam went, "I will take a Twitter poll!" and
posted it at the very next moment and so I was
kind of giggling at his hubris. What will Percy's
primary motivation be after the Briarwoods are
gone? I don't know, what does somebody do when
they've been in the revenge business for so long,
maybe Dread Pirate Roberts. I'm not sure.
Cassandra may or may not be a vampire. I don't
know what's going to happen. I'm trying to see if
I have a picture of the actual Cassandra around
here. Almost all of my siblings are named after
friends of mine. And I'm trying to see if there's
a picture of Cassandra in the bathroom, that would
be funny. She's painted blue, that's no help.
(laughs) But yeah, we'll see. It depends on how
things go. Anyway guys, this has been fun. Thank
you for checking this out, and I'll see you
tonight. Talk to you later.